=====
0.2.0
=====
-----------
API changes
-----------
The function ``extract`` has been renamed ``extract_from_path`` with the
addition of a new function ``extract_from_image``.

.. code:: python

    >>> import extcolors
    >>> colors, pixel_count = extcolors.extract_from_path("gameboy.png")

The addition of ``extract_from_image`` was contributed by
`ashirviskas <https://github.com/ashirviskas>`_. The function can be
used if an image has already been loaded using
`Pillow <https://python-pillow.org/>`_.

.. code:: python

    >>> import extcolors
    >>> import PIL
    >>> img = PIL.Image.open("gameboy.png")
    >>> colors, pixel_count = extcolors.extract_from_image(img)

----------------------------
Stability of reported colors
----------------------------
The implementation has changed to report the RGB colors produced by
Pillow directly and perform color space conversion in only one
direction. The change should eliminate any instability in the reported
colors.

-----------------------
Performance improvement
-----------------------
The modification done to increase the stability of the reported colors
was an opportunity to change the data structures used. The new data
structures allowed for some additional modifications that improve
the performance of extracting colors from some medium complex images.

As an example: an image with 223715 unique colors showed a dramatic
speed increase, the color extraction went from taking almost 19 minutes
to just above 4 seconds.

---------------
Python versions
---------------
Support for Python 3.4 was dropped as the version reached end-of-life
on March the 18th 2019.
`PEP 429 - Python 3.4 Release Schedule <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0429/>`_.

Support for Python 2.7 was dropped as the version reached end-of-life
on January the 1st 2020. With the final release being published
on April the 20th 2020.
`PEP 373 - Python 2.7 Release Schedule <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0373/>`_

--------------
Pillow version
--------------
The required version of Pillow has been defined to 7.0.0 or above.
With that the packages will require the same Python versions, making
them compatible.
