1.0.0
=====
The major bump in version should have been done a long time ago but
with no ability to correct the past we are taking the opportunity to do
so now.

We are aiming for a version scheme that is very common for
Python packages. The three numbers represent in order:

- Major - version when incompatible API changes are made.
- Minor - version when functionality is added in a backwards-compatible manner.
- Maintenance - version when backwards-compatible bug fixes are made.


Add support for Python 3.9
--------------------------
Support has been added for Python 3.9 now that the `official version
has been release <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0596/>`_.


Drop support for Python 3.5
---------------------------
At the same time Python 3.5 has
`reached its end-of-life <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0478/>`_
and so it will no longer be supported.


Pillow version 8.0.0
--------------------
In conjunction with the Python release cycle Pillow has also
`added support for 3.9 and dropped support of 3.5 <https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/releasenotes/8.0.0.html>`_.
To align the supported versions the minimum required Pillow version
will be 8.0.0.

Convcolors version 1.0.0
------------------------
The code that dealt with color conversion has been separated into its
own packaged called `convcolors <https://pypi.org/project/convcolors/>`_.
The intention is to make a clearer distinction what the goal of
extcolors is, the extraction of colors from images, and what it needs
to perform that action.

In the long run the intention is also to extend convcolors from being
only a library to also support command line operation (similar to what
extcolors does today) for quick conversion between color spaces.
